one of them is a sweet little angel the
other is as bad as they come you're
going to take someone but when they're
assigned as roommates they must find a
way to get along I'll take both beds
you'll sleep by the window you don't
think I'll try to kill you do you doubt
the chance you might have tried to kill
me tonight what the pop you dimwit
amazed we can try and get a beer I know
where me
sooo and they discover that they're not
so different after all
did you know Harry I wasn't in juvenile
Azkaban that's where I dump these scars
not bad kid
not bad
this summer it's friendship like you've
never seen it before
what exactly is that that my friend is a
beer I know what that is yeah I just
said that I just said it's a bear how
did you get one I live life on the edge
Harry Potter and the outcast of Hogwarts
juvenile detention coming soon
Oh daddy are you fucking with